---
title: Best Practice – Teaching and Learning
permalink: /achievements-and-affirmations/School-Awards/best-practice-teaching-and-learning/
description: ""
third_nav_title: School Awards
---
<p style="text-align:justify">Punggol Primary School (PPS) aspires to develop every child to be a Gracious Citizen, a Confident Leader, an Innovative Team player and a Life-long Learner. In line with SVE and guided by the philosophy ‘Every Individual Matters’, the school is committed to provide an inclusive holistic education where every child is well supported in his/her learning to realise the PPS student outcomes.</p>

<p style="text-align:justify">The teaching and learning programme (T&L) of the school is guided by a T&L Framework with the belief that ‘Every child can learn and excel’ and anchored on learner-centred theories. Leveraging the strong culture of care and collaboration among staff and the consortium structure, the school customises the curriculum according to three developmental stages and four learner types – Excellent Learners, Successful Learners, Reluctant Learners and Struggling Learners. This is based on pupils’ identified Affective, Behavioural and Cognitive (ABC) Needs Survey, their past performances as well as teachers’ observations.</p>

<p style="text-align:justify">To meet the diverse needs of pupils, the various instructional programmes (IP) and non-IP departments taps on the expertise of the experienced staff to share and lead in Professional Learning Teams to improve and impact T&L through innovation. It also integrates these information and knowledge to aid in the development of age-appropriate six-year progressive plans. Additionally, the school proactively seeks to participate in pilot/prototype projects such as STELLAR and PERI Holistic Assessment to increase its organisational capacity in T&L.</p>

<p style="text-align:justify">Adopting Inquiry-Based Learning as the overarching school-wide pedagogy, the school employs a range of pedagogies to engage the pupils. These include the Dove, Falcon and Eagle (DFE) strategies which the teachers collaboratively designed to engage the four learner types. To address pupils with emotional and behavioural needs, Generalised, Specialised and Individualised (GSI) intervention strategies are employed to support behavioural modification and learning.</p>

<p style="text-align:justify">PPS incorporates interdisciplinary learning via its signature programmes such as GreeNovation and Authentic Problem Based Learning (APBL) which integrate different subject disciplines with the support of ICT. GreeNovation is a school-based Green curriculum with key focus on tackling environmental issues through innovation for a sustainable future. To develop critical and problem solving skills, the school designs and implements APBL for P3-P5 pupils where Science is used as an anchor subject to develop innovative thinking in problem solving and nurture the spirit of collaboration among pupils; in line with the PPS student outcomes.</p>

<p style="text-align:justify">To monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of its T&L processes, review tools such as 4-Grid Matrix (adapted from the Blue-Ocean Strategy) and 5-stage model of intervention (Adapted from Research Methodology in Assessment) are used. This is supported by the Knowledge and Information system that enables the school management to make informed evidenced-based decision to support planning. As a result of its sound and integrated T&L approaches and processes, the school has achieved positive outcomes in the pupils’ cognitive domain.</p>