---
title: Best Practice – Student All–Round Development
permalink: /achievements-and-affirmations/School-Awards/best-practice-student-all-round-development/
description: ""
---
<p style="text-align:justify">The school designs a Co Curriculum framework to complement the T&amp;L framework for a seamless curriculum. Guided by the school’s belief that that “Every Child has Interests and Talents” the school adopts age-appropriate strategies and programmes that develop the students holistically.</p><p>

</p><p style="text-align:justify">PPS seeks to develop every Punngolite to be a Gracious Citizen, A Confident Leader, An Innovative Teamplayer and a Life-long Learner. To achieve this, it leverages on its strong teacher-student relationships through structures such as the school’s consortium. The school’s value ‘Affection’ and its expected behaviour such as ‘Not put others down’ help to create a safe psycho-social environment and serve as a proactive measure to discipline with dignity. The cohort-tracking system also enables teachers to better understand students’ needs as they develop.</p>

<p style="text-align:justify">In the school’s teaching and learning (T&amp;L) programme, the school employs evidence-based approach to help the students in their learning. Students are categorised into four learner types according to their identified needs based on the Affective, Behavioural and Cognitive Needs Survey. These are triangulated with students’ assessment scores and teachers’ observations. Teachers employ ‘Dove, Falcon and Eagle’, engagement and ‘Generalised, Specialised and Individualised’ intervention strategies to support the different learner types.</p>

<p style="text-align:justify">The school designs a Co Curriculum framework to complement the T&amp;L framework for a seamless total curriculum that develops the students holistically in the Cognitive, Leadership, Aesthetics and Social and moral (CLAPS) domains. Guided by the school’s belief that that “Every Child has Interests and Talents” the school actively seeks students’ feedback in the programmes they plan and adopts age-appropriate strategies and programmes. Hence, CCE, CCA and enrichment programmes are pitched against the 3 developmental learning stages namely Orientation, Experimentation and Mastery, to cater to the needs and expectations of different segments of students. Students talented in the arts and sports are identified and groomed under the Talent Management Programme.</p>

<p style="text-align:justify">A progressive approach is adopted to develop students’ leadership through 3 levels of training and grooming. Adopting a tiered approach, the school provides leadership opportunities for every student to lead in different capacities at class, CCAs and school level.</p>

<p style="text-align:justify">To ensure seamless integration between curriculum and co-curriculum, HODs are deployed as advisors for various CCAs. Effective delivery of the holistic development programmes is monitored and evaluated from analyses of students’ performance, student outcomes in the CLAPS domains, AAR and surveys.</p>