---
title: Principal's Message
permalink: /our-identity/principals-message/
description: ""
---
<h4>Greetings from Punggol Primary School and a warm welcome to our school website!</h4>
<div style="text-align:justify">PPS has come a long way since its beginnings in 1995, establishing itself as a distinctive school that is sought after in the community. Our Punggol Primary School (PPS) family of staff, students and stakeholders strives towards achieving our school vision of a gracious community of confident and innovative life-long learners.</div><br>

<div style="text-align:justify">In PPS, we believe that every individual matters and we seek to develop our students to be Gracious Citizens, Lifelong Learners, Innovative Team players and Confident Leaders, imbued with the school values of <b>S</b>elf-discipline, <b>T</b>eam-work, <b>A</b>ffection and <b>R</b>esponsibility (STAR). Our mission to ignite the joy of learning and inspire all to care and share is translated into our carefully designed holistic learning experiences in the Cognitive, Leadership, Aesthetics, Physical and Socio-moral (CLAPS) domains for our students as well through our curriculum and co-curriculum including our school’s Applied Learning Programme GreeNovation as well as our sports-based Learning for Life Programme STARS. We seek to consistently live up to our school motto of Pride in Performance and this we achieve with our strong focus on self-directed learning and instilling the growth mindset in our students. In PPS, we seek to provide an inclusive education through welcoming diversity and embracing all learners, guided by our STAR values. We also seek to embrace a culture of care, collaboration and innovation for staff and students, leveraging on technology to improve lives and to be future-ready. </div><br>

<div style="text-align:justify">We are appreciative of our team of skilled teaching and non-teaching staff who are dedicated and committed to the care and learning of our students. We are also thankful for the strong support from all our stakeholders with whom we continue to maintain a sustainable, purposeful and collaborative partnership all these years, in particular, our SAC, PSG, parents and community partners. The PPS family will continue to strive synergistically and harmoniously together towards nurturing our students to be happy and positive as gracious, confident and life-long learners, contributing actively to their families, the school, the community and the nation as a whole.</div><br>
<div>Thank you and best regards.</div><br>
<div><b>Mdm Norliza A. Rahim <br>Principal</div>